As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BE/MCA degree or equivalent experience
Technical proficiency in Java, Spring Boot, Kafka, Oracle and Cloud Technologies
Advanced knowledge of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Knowledge of industry-wide technology trends and best practices
Understanding of development and test automation best practices
Understanding of J2EE design patterns
Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals
Passionate about building an innovative culture
Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages
Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.